Add documentation how Application Broker handles API Packages (#9092)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector-compass-mode/02-04-application-broker.md

3. Bind your ServiceInstance to the service or Function. During the binding process, ServiceBinding and ServiceBindingUsage resources are created.
  * ServiceBinding contains a Secret with a gateway URL required to connect to the given API. The gateway URL is specified under the **sanitized({API\_NAME}_{API_ID})_GATEWAY_URL** field. To learn more about sanitization, refer to the [sanitization function](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/components/application-broker/internal/broker/bind_creds_renderer.go#L109).
>**NOTE:** If you want to call the Application directly, skipping the Application Gateway component, use **sanitized({API\_NAME}_{API_ID})_TARGET_URL** with the corresponding **CONFIGURATION** and **CREDENTIALS_TYPE**. For more information, read the document about [proxy configuration](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/application-connector#details-application-gateway-proxy-configuration).
  * ServiceBindingUsage injects the Secret, together with the label given during the registration process, to the Function or service.
4. The service or Function calls the API through the Application Gateway, allowing you to access the Application API.

> 5. The Application Gateway enriches the call with the necessary credentials, which it fetches from Secrets created by Service Catalog.

Author: Perfect, thank you for clarifying this ❤️

> 5. The Application Gateway enriches the call with the necessary credentials, which it fetches from Secrets created by Service Catalog.

Reviewer: No problem 🚀

> ![API ServicePlan](./assets/005-AB-API-service-plan.svg)

Author: After the discussion with Gophers, we've decided to go with the minimal diagram. Thank you for providing us with the diagrams ❤️

> ![API ServicePlan](./assets/005-AB-API-service-plan.svg)

Reviewer: No problem 🚀

### Generating API credentials

This section describes in detail how the API credentials are generated.

1. User creates a ServiceInstance.
2. Service Catalog sends a provisioning request to the Application Broker.

> 3. Application Broker requests credentials for a ServiceInstance. The request is processed through the Director proxy exposed by Runtime Agent to Director.

Author: Haven't we agreed on not preceding the components' names with the definite article?

> 3. Application Broker requests credentials for a ServiceInstance. The request is processed through the Director proxy exposed by Runtime Agent to Director.

Reviewer: We have, but we haven't introduced the changes to the documentation yet. We only have an [issue](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/issues/481) for that. I thought staying consistent for now would make sense, wouldn't it?

> 3. Application Broker requests credentials for a ServiceInstance. The request is processed through the Director proxy exposed by Runtime Agent to Director.

Author: I'm afraid there are already some inconsistencies in docs regarding that aspect. I'd skip `the` in this case, that would leave us less work in the future.

> 3. Application Broker requests credentials for a ServiceInstance. The request is processed through the Director proxy exposed by Runtime Agent to Director.

Reviewer: In that case, fine by me.

>**NOTE:** Director proxy is secured by [Istio RBAC](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/compass-runtime-agent/templates/istio-rbac.yaml) and only Application Broker can access it.

> 4. Application Broker polls credential status with 20 minutes timeout. The polling is completed when the credential status is either `SUCCEEDED` or `FAILED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Application Broker polls credential status with a 20 minute timeout. The polling is completed when the credential status is either `SUCCEEDED` or `FAILED`.
```

![Credentials flow](./assets/api-credentials-flow.svg)

Application Broker uses these credentials during the binding action. To use another set of credentials, you must create a new ServiceInstance.

## Provisioning and binding for an event ServicePlan

> This ServicePlan has a **bindable** parameter set to `false` which means that after provisioning a ServiceInstance in a Namespace, given events are ready to use for all services. The provisioning workflow for an event ServicePlan consists of the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ServicePlan has a **bindable** parameter set to `false`, which means that after provisioning a ServiceInstance in a Namespace, given events are ready to use for all services. The provisioning workflow for an event ServicePlan consists of the following steps:
```

1. Select a given ServiceClass with an event ServicePlan from the Service Catalog.
2. Provision this ServiceClass with the chosen event ServicePlan by creating a ServiceInstance in the given Namespace.
3. During the provisioning process, the [EventActivation](/components/application-connector/#custom-resource-event-activation) resource is created together with the ServiceInstance. This resource allows you to create a Trigger from the Kyma Console.
4. The Application sends an event to the Application Connector.
5. When the Trigger receives the event, it triggers the Function based on the parameters defined for a Trigger.

For more information, read about [event processing and delivery](/components/event-mesh/#details-event-processing-and-delivery).

> ![Event ServicePlan](./assets/006-AB-event-service-plan.svg)

Reviewer: Shouldn't we add arrows in the diagram to steps 3, 4, and 5?

Author: I'd add an arrow to step 5, as Trigger is the subject here. In 3 and 4, all the magic happens in the background - that's why we've decided to use the dashed line.

Reviewer: Fine by me :)
